Python is awesome
Python was named after Monty Python, not the snake.
The first computer programmer was Ada Lovelace in the 1840s.
The first computer virus was created in 1983 and was called 'Elk Cloner'.
CAPTCHA stands for 'Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart'.
The first electronic computer weighed more than 27 tons.
WiFi stands for Wireless Fidelity.
The '@' symbol is called an 'at sign' or 'commercial at'.
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com on March 15, 1985.
Email existed before the World Wide Web.
The first mouse was made of wood.
Linux is named after its creator, Linus Torvalds.
The term 'bug' in computing comes from an actual moth found in a computer in 1947.
JavaScript was created in just 10 days.
The first webcam was created to monitor a coffee pot at Cambridge University.
USB stands for Universal Serial Bus.
The first YouTube video was uploaded on April 23, 2005, titled 'Me at the zoo'.
HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language.
The first iPhone was released on June 29, 2007.
Git was created by Linus Torvalds, the same person who created Linux.
The programming language 'C' was named after 'B', which was named after 'BCPL'.
The first computer game was created in 1962 and called 'Spacewar!'.
RAM stands for Random Access Memory.
The first version of Windows was released in 1985.
JPEG stands for Joint Photographic Experts Group.
The term 'cookie' in web browsing comes from 'magic cookie', a Unix term.
The first tweet was sent by Jack Dorsey on March 21, 2006.
Bluetooth is named after a Danish king, Harald Bluetooth.
PDF stands for Portable Document Format.
The first computer hard drive weighed over a ton and stored 5MB.
Python's philosophy is documented in 'The Zen of Python'.
The Windows 95 startup sound was composed by Brian Eno.
The first Apple computer sold for $666.66.
Moore's Law predicts that computing power doubles every two years.
The term 'spam' for junk email comes from a Monty Python sketch.
The first computer mouse had only one button.
CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets.
The programming language Java was originally called Oak.
The first laptop computer weighed 24 pounds.
URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator.
The @ symbol in email was chosen by Ray Tomlinson in 1971.
