The moon is made of cheese
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896, lasting 38 minutes.
A group of crows is called a murder.
The longest English word without a vowel is 'rhythms'.
Cleopatra lived closer in time to the Moon landing than to the construction of the Great Pyramid.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
Nintendo was founded in 1889 as a playing card company.
The word 'nerd' was first coined by Dr. Seuss in 'If I Ran the Zoo'.
Oxford University is older than the Aztec Empire.
The inventor of the microwave oven only received $2 for his discovery.
A single cloud can weigh more than a million pounds.
The fear of long words is called hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia.
Bubble wrap was originally invented as wallpaper.
The shortest complete sentence is 'Go.'
A group of owls is called a parliament.
The Twitter bird's name is Larry.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
The first computer bug was an actual bug found in a Harvard computer in 1947.
A group of hedgehogs is called a prickle.
The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.
A jiffy is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
Scotland's national animal is the unicorn.
Astronauts can't burp in space.
A day on Venus is longer than its year.
The first oranges weren't orange - they were green.
Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun.
A group of pandas is called an embarrassment.
The hashtag symbol is called an octothorpe.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Sea otters have the densest fur in the animal kingdom.
Honey never spoils; archaeologists found 3000-year-old honey in Egyptian tombs that was still edible.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
A single strand of spaghetti is called a spaghetto.
The smell of freshly cut grass is actually a plant distress call.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
The inventor of the Pringles can is buried in one.
A sneeze travels at about 100 mph.
Apples float in water because they are 25% air.
